Feat/module docs #83 (#267)
filecoin-project/go-fil-markets: storagemarket/README.md

> # How To Use the StorageMarket module

Reviewer: Same comment as on retrieval market. Flesh out with high level description and then a brief how-to construct and use the module.

Reviewer: Make sure to cover all the dependencies on the storage and provider side including the ones that are provided by this module but must still be constructed by the node.

I think the GFC code is actually a pretty good reference for this if you want to construct and example.

Author: @hannahhoward I think I got them all.

# storagemarket

> The storagemarket module is intended for Filecoin node implementations written in Go.
> It implements functionality to allow execution of storage market deals on the
> Filecoin network.
> The node implementation must provide access to chain operations, and persistent 
> data storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The storagemarket module is intended for Filecoin node implementations written in Go.
It implements functionality to allow execution of storage market deals, and for Providers to set their storage price on the Filecoin network.
The node implementation must provide access to chain operations, and persistent 
data storage.
```

#### ListClientDeals
```go
func ListClientDeals(ctx context.Context, addr address.Address, tok shared.TipSetToken,
                 ) ([]StorageDeal, error)
```
List all deals associated with storage client `addr`, as of `tok`. Return a slice of `StorageDeal`.

#### ListStorageProviders
```go
func ListStorageProviders(ctx context.Context, tok shared.TipSetToken
                         ) ([]*StorageProviderInfo, error)
```

Return a slice of `StorageProviderInfo`, for all known storage providers.

#### ValidatePublishedDeal
```go
func ValidatePublishedDeal(ctx context.Context, deal ClientDeal) (abi.DealID, error)
```
Query the chain for `deal` and inspect the message parameters to make sure they match the expected  deal. Return the deal ID.

#### SignProposal
```go
func SignProposal(ctx context.Context, signer address.Address, proposal market.DealProposal
                 ) (*market.ClientDealProposal, error)
```

Cryptographically sign `proposal` using the private key of `signer` and return a
 ClientDealProposal (includes signature data).

#### GetDefaultWalletAddress
```go
func GetDefaultWalletAddress(ctx context.Context) (address.Address, error)
```

> Get the default wallet address of this node, the one from which funds should be sent to the node's 
> storage client or provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get the Client's default wallet address, which will be used to add Storage Market funds (collateral and payment).
```

 typically the node's own datastore that implements the IPFS datastore.Batching interface.
 See
  [github.com/ipfs/go-datastore](https://github.com/ipfs/go-datastore).

* `scn storagemarket.StorageClientNode` is the implementation of the [`StorageClientNode`](#StorageClientNode) API 
that was written for your node.

### StorageProvider
To construct a new StorageProvider:
```go
func NewProvider(net network.StorageMarketNetwork, 
                ds datastore.Batching, 
                bs blockstore.Blockstore, 
                fs filestore.FileStore, 
                pieceStore piecestore.PieceStore, 
                dataTransfer datatransfer.Manager, 
                spn storagemarket.StorageProviderNode, 
                minerAddress address.Address, 
                rt abi.RegisteredProof, 
                storedAsk StoredAsk, 
                options ...StorageProviderOption,
) (storagemarket.StorageProvider, error) {
```

**Parameters**
* `net network.StorageMarketNetwork` is the same as for [StorageClientNode](#StorageClientNode)
* `ds datastore.Batching` is the same as for [StorageClientNode](#StorageClientNode)

> * `bs blockstore.Blockstore` is the same blockstore as for [StorageClientNode](#StorageClientNode)

Reviewer 2: These are the same interface, but not necessarily the same instance.  I seems a little bit ambiguous to me, but I'm not totally sure.
